-Basic Policy-

1)   No Multiplaying: This means you cannot have two people under the same IP address. Let imms know if you are playing from a LAN.  
	Also, switching chars cannot be an instant thing. From light side to darkside and vicea versa it's 15 minutes, 
	from same race character to character it's 5 minutes.  Imms and mortals SHOULD NOT be oniine at the same time. Imms must wait 
	30 minutes before switching from mort to imm and back again.

2)   NEVER give out another players alts on globals. This would result in a zap.

3)   Never abuse a bug that you find, abuse a loophole, or fail to report a bug when you clearly know that one exists.
      You can report these by posting on the forums(kinslayer.mine.nu/forums) or by using the 'bug' command.

4)   NO REIMBURSMENTS of any kind, for crashes or likewise, it's just asking for abuse.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Immortal Policy-

1)   You should never be snooping or following a mortal without their knowledge unless you believe they are breaking a rule.

2)   Do not hand out eq, give levels, qp, exp, hp, mvs, sp, pracs, or anything else w/o permission, or if it was truly gained, or a fair reimbursement.
      Do NOT return eq from a death and do not transfer the player to their corpse.

3)   Do not give out info that you can find out on your imm to any mortal. They are capable of looking themselves.

4)   Do not drain a mob of their hp, kill a mob with rare eq, or load a mob with eq so that a mortal can recieve it.

5)   Do not use mobs or objects for use on your imms. You should ASK before doing a mob raid.

6)   Do not put in code that will benefit you personally unless you have talked with a higher ranking imm.

7)   Do not change a mortals race under any circumstance unless it is a special circumstance. That also means no fading people just for fun.

8)   Do not use secret clan abilities in front of mortals. There is a reson it is a SECRET CLAN.

9)   Do not use a wiz command for a purpose that you are not suppose to use it for. We have just about every command on a logger.
      Don't do something stupid that you will regret :).

10)  Do not try to talk down to an immortal higher than you, or harrass other players. You won't be happy if you make them mad.

11)  Do not translate crossrace speeches, or allow players to communicate crossrace. It was put in for a reason and it will stay that way.

12)  Never EVER log on a mortal while on your immortal.

13)  Always use the 'note' command after punishing someone, or when you notice someone breaking a rule. Also, always tell the person you punish
      who you are by becoming visible to that person.

14)   Do not harass the mortals.
